Add dedicated dbt_cloud.yml reference page (#9177)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/platform/about-defer.md

### Configure deferral environment ID

> The <Constant name="studio_ide" /> and <Constant name="platform_cli" /> both offer additional flexibility by letting you choose the source environment for deferral artifacts. You can manually set a `defer-env-id` key in either your `dbt_project.yml` (<Constant name="platform_cli" /> and <Constant name="studio_ide" />) or `dbt_cloud.yml`(<Constant name="platform_cli" /> only) file. By default, dbt will prefer metadata from the project's "Staging" environment (if defined). Otherwise, it uses "Production." For the full file reference, see [`dbt_cloud.yml`](/reference/dbt_cloud.yml).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The <Constant name="studio_ide" /> and <Constant name="platform_cli" /> both offer additional flexibility by letting you choose the source environment for deferral artifacts. You can manually set a `defer-env-id` key in either your `[dbt_project.yml](/reference/dbt_project.yml)` (<Constant name="platform_cli" /> and <Constant name="studio_ide" />) or `dbt_cloud.yml` (<Constant name="platform_cli" /> only) file. By default, dbt will prefer metadata from the project's "Staging" environment (if defined). Otherwise, it uses "Production." For the full file reference, refer to [`dbt_cloud.yml`](/reference/dbt_cloud.yml).
```
